Welcome to day eight of your Python program or training.
I'm so excited today because we are going to see a lot of tools and strategies that are going to be
very useful for your development in this interesting profession.
At the end of the day, you will be able to create a program that will allow a store owner to organize
the shifts to serve their customers.
All those things to everything you will learn today.
This program will be like a ticket vending machine that asks the customers which area of the store they
want to go to.
And the system will assign them shifts, remembering the last number assigned to each area.
This program may seem simple at first glance, and you may think you can easily create this by using
all of the knowledge you already have.
But the progress we make today will allow you to create this program in a super efficient, economical
dynamic and above all, professional way.
In fact, I think that's the key to today's lecture.
To take the step towards being a more professional programmer.
Because as you go through today's lessons, you will learn how to install packages, how to create your
own modules and code packages, how to anticipate errors that may be generated within your code or by
the end users misuse, thus preventing your program from crashing.
How to find errors in your code thanks to the pilot library and how to improve your code with the Integrated
Unit Test Library.
Finally, I will explain two very important tools in the development of professional code, which are
decorators and generators.
Taking all this into account, you will be ready to create code in a way that will be totally new to
you.
At the end of the day, I won't slow you down any longer.
So let's go to the next lecture together right now.